hey attack of the show this is Todd
jackowski coming to you from toy fair
2011 here in New York City for those
that don't know it's the place to be to
find the newest toys before they go
public so let's check it out everybody
this is brian we're gonna be showing a
little bit of the Hasbro Marvel line we
have the Thor lightning hammer what
better way to summon the power of Thor
that with the for lightning hammer new
Thor movie comes out in maybe Marvel toy
line will be available in stores early
March will be on to captain in America
new movie comes out in July and the
Hezbollah decline will be available in
early May Captain America of course
known throughout the world for his
iconic red white and blue indestructible
shield has a motor inside launch disk I
think I sent some evil coming from this
direction over here right here sir evil
BAM
what do we have for the lineup this year
there is a lot here and a half our
showroom today we've got lots of great
movies coming out in it a tremendous
number of incredible brands Star Wars of
course is very close to my heart you
mentioned the 12 figures can you tell me
a little bit more about that as
everybody knows the name of the movies
return of the jedi at the last minute
the name of the movie was changed to
from revenge of the Jedi to return of
the Jedi so to celebrate that
last-minute change we're actually
producing packaging and offering all 12
items in our large Death Star package so
here's tank part right here it recharges
are for your USB has an autonomous mode
and also can be controlled to your
iPhone can also drive up on your hand
like that can see in front of it so it
doesn't need to have white walls and
then you can control your tank bought
forward backward left right so you can
drive it around i'm here with comic book
and toy creator Todd McFarlane at the
McFarland toy booth so Todd tell us
about 2011 lineup we had halo reach the
the game came out last year and the
tremendous war is obviously heading into
the fourth quarter with Christmas out
but now we're going to open up the vault
of the ten years of halo we also just
announced the other day the acquisition
of the walking dead AMC huge success I
think we can show a bunch of zombies
that we're making them so they all come
apart you can start pulling them apart
and you can see some of the guts in the
innards and all the cool stuff so that's
it for toy fair 2011 we saw some of the
coolest toys from the Hasbro showroom to
Todd McFarlane himself I want to give a
big thanks to attack of the show for
making me part of your viewer army this
is Todd jackowski signing off